ingest/ledgerbackend: Restart captive core when a new version of core is detected on disk (#3687)
stellar/go: services/horizon/CHANGELOG.md

> * Performance improvement: Captive Core now reuses bucket files whenever it finds existing ones in the corresponding `--captive-core-storage-path` (introduced in [v2.1.0](#v2.1.0) rather than generating a one-time temporary sub-directory ([](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/XXXX)). **This feature requires Stellar-Core version 17.1 or later.**

Reviewer: Unrelated but could you fix the PR link here to reference #3670? Forgot to update it after the fact.

> * Horizon monitors captive-core on disk, and restarts captive-core if it detects a change (e.g. a more recent file timestamp for the captive-core binary). ([3687](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3687)).

Reviewer: It monitors the Stellar Core binary, right? Well, more specifically, the binary pointed to by `--stellar-core-binary-path`. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
* Horizon now monitors the Stellar Core binary on disk (pointed to by `--stellar-core-binary-path`/`STELLAR_CORE_BINARY_PATH`) and restarts its Captive Core subprocess if it detects changes (i.e a more recent file timestamp for the Stellar Core binary) ([3687](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3687)).
```
